Author : MENAFN Content : MENAFN   The Conversation  Dr  Rick leBrasseur is an Associate Professor of Landscape Architecture at Dalhousie University within the Department of Plant  Food and Environmental Sciences   A licensed landscape architect  environmental psychologist  researche    3095 chars Description : (MENAFN - The Conversation) Dr. Rick leBrasseur is an Associate Professor of Landscape Architecture at Dalhousie University within the Department of Plant, Food and Environmental Sciences.
A licensed landscape architect, environmental psychologist, researcher…
Author : Natasha Piñon Content : It s the MOST wonderful time of the year  International Women s Day    The commemorative day comes along once a year  on Mar  8  and marks the perfect time to get a game plan together for supporting women around the world    The United Nation s theme this yea    3857 chars Description : It's the MOST wonderful time of the year: International Women's Day! The commemorative day comes along once a year, on Mar. 8, and marks the perfect time to get a game plan together for supporting women around the world. The United Nation's theme this year — …
Author : Manish Singh Content : Tens of thousands of Indians move to the United States to pursue higher education each year  But like many others who have arrived from a foreign land  they cant secure education loans or personal loans from the banks at interest rates on par with those levie    3342 chars Description : Tens of thousands of Indians move to the United States to pursue higher education each year. But like many others who have arrived from a foreign land, they can’t secure education loans or personal loans from the banks at interest rates on par with those levi…
Author : Natasha Mascarenhas Content : Two years ago  dormmates Justin Wenig and Nicholas Diao struggled to get into a popular computer science class at Columbia University   The duo eventually got into that class  but after the initial frustration around class scheduling  they decided it was an o    2730 chars Description : Two years ago, dormmates Justin Wenig and Nicholas Diao struggled to get into a popular computer science class at Columbia University. The duo eventually got into that class, but after the initial frustration around class scheduling, they decided “it was an o…
Author : Mike Butcher Content : It seems like everyone wants student entrepreneurs  Entrepreneur First makes startups out of raw student material  for instance  Most countries want high skilled students to stick around and make new companies  Only the UK likes to charge them a fortune for a    3050 chars Description : It seems like everyone wants student entrepreneurs. Entrepreneur First makes startups out of raw student material, for instance. Most countries want high-skilled students to stick around and make new companies. Only the UK likes to charge them a fortune for a…
Author : Matt Sedensky, John Leicester Content : Iraqi medical staff check a passenger s temperature upon arriving at Najaf airport  on March 5  2020   ALAA AL MARJANI Reuters  On Friday  health columnist Andre Picard will take reader questions during a live Facebook Q amp A  Email your coronavirus question    7908 chars Description : WHO urges governments to pull out 'all the stops' to slow spread of coronavirus The Globe and Mail Canada confirms first 'community case' of COVID-19: Here's what that means CTV News Chinese province at centre of coronavirus outbreak reports no new cases outs…
Author : Associated Press Content : WASHINGTON  AP  The Department of Veterans Affairs is moving to bar new GI Bill students from enrolling at five universities  citing  advertising  sales or enrollment practices that are erroneous  deceptive or misleading   The schools were identified as the U    2579 chars Description : The Department of Veterans Affairs is moving to bar new GI Bill students from enrolling at five universities, citing "advertising, sales or enrollment practices that are erroneous, deceptive or misleading.” The schools were identified as the University of Pho…
Author : Connie Chen Content : When you buy through our links  we may earn money from our affiliate partners  Learn more   Shutterstock MintImages  Every year  US News  amp  Reports releases its ranking of the top universities in the country  These schools are renowned for their rigorous a    1737 chars Description : Online learning sites Coursera and edX allow you to audit classes from top universities for free. For additional fees, you can gain access to course certificates, assignments, tests, and even receive a final grade. Course topics vary widely — from business ma…
Author : Ed Cara Content : The global coronavirus outbreak will continue to change our lives in ways we cant yet anticipate  But one of the more relevant questions about this upheaval  given fears that covid 19 will overwhelm our hospitals and doctors  is how medical schools plan to re    4676 chars Description : The global coronavirus outbreak will continue to change our lives in ways we can’t yet anticipate. But one of the more relevant questions about this upheaval, given fears that covid-19 will overwhelm our hospitals and doctors, is how medical schools plan to r…
Author : Merrit Kennedy Content : A border patrol agent walked along a border wall separating Tijuana  Mexico  from San Diego earlier this week   Gregory Bull AP  Trump administration officials say nonessential travel between the U S  and Mexico will halt as of Saturday to try to stop the spr    1195 chars Description : The agreement is similar to one announced earlier this week to partially close the U.S. border with Canada. Both will go into effect on Saturday, Trump administration officials said.
Author : None Content : OTTAWA      The federal government is putting more than  1 billion into its plan to combat and mitigate the impacts of the outbreak of COVID 19 in Canada   Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and a handful of key cabinet ministers announced the  comprehensive  coro    7032 chars Description : Canada to spend $1 billion combating COVID-19 spread, economic impacts CTV News Federal government to announce supports for people, businesses hit by COVID-19 on Wednesday CBC.ca Canada releases coronavirus guidelines on when to cancel major events CTV News J…
Author : None Content : People are self isolating across the country to flatten the curve of the Covid 19 pandemic but that doesn t mean you can t stay occupied   The National Film Board of Canada has over 4 000 films  documentaries and short pieces available to stream for free and     3232 chars Description : The National Film of Canada has over 4,000 films, documentaries and short pieces available to stream for free and this includes a rich library of Indigenous content.
Author : Jess Joho Content : Having trouble sleeping Hit Snoozeis Mashable s deep dive into how we cope with our collective insomnia and the many ways we can achieve a more peaceful slumber   Wet dreams were a staple of the  your body is changing  conversations we got as hormonal teens      5696 chars Description : Having trouble sleeping? Hit Snooze is Mashable's deep dive into how we cope with our collective insomnia and the many ways we can achieve a more peaceful slumber. Wet dreams were a staple of the "your body is changing" conversations we got as hormonal teens.…
Author : None Content : These are extraordinary times and we have to take every measure possible   federal Health Minister Patty Hajdu  seen here on March 12  2020  said   Sean Kilpatrick The Canadian Press  Ontario closed its schools and suspended jury trials  B C  advised against    7458 chars Description : Canadians urged to stay home to help stall spread of coronavirus The Globe and Mail Coronavirus: All publicly funded schools in Ontario closing for 2 weeks due to COVID-19 Global News Toronto Public Health urges caution on public gatherings Toronto Star 18 mo…
Author : None Content : Thousands of picketers from the four main teachers  unions march around Queen s Park during a provincewide strike in Toronto on Feb  21  2020    Tijana Martin The Globe and Mail  The union representing high school teachers has ended informal contract talks wi    4261 chars Description : Exploratory talks between Ontario high school teachers’ union and government break off The Globe and Mail Ford government backs down on high school class sizes, e-learning ahead of more Ont. teacher strikes CTV News I'm An Ontario Teacher But I Chose To Go Wh…
Author : Opinion by David M. Perry Content : David M  Perry is a journalist and historian  He is senior academic adviser in the history department of the University of Minnesota  Follow him on Twitter  The views expressed here are those of the author  View more opinion articles on CNN     CNN Berea Coll    6600 chars Description : Berea College, a small tuition-free school nestled in Appalachia, went first. As schools like Harvard, Princeton, Amherst and others shifted to all-online education as the coronavirus outbreak deepened and began expelling most of their students from campus, B…
Author : Lisa Rowan on Two Cents, shared by Lisa Rowan to Lifehacker Content : The Department of Education has announced that it will stop the collections process for federal student loans in default  including wage garnishment actions  due to the coronavirus pandemic   According to the departments press release  it has stopped requests    1514 chars Description : The Department of Education has announced that it will stop the collections process for federal student loans in default, including wage garnishment actions, due to the coronavirus pandemic. Read more...
Author : Catherine Shu Content : Snapask  an on demand tutoring app  announced today that it has raised  35 million in Series B funding  Earmarked for the startups expansion in Southeast Asia  the round was led by Asia Partners and Intervest   Launched in Hong Kong five years ago  Snapask ha    4418 chars Description : Snapask, an on-demand tutoring app, announced today that it has raised $35 million in Series B funding. Earmarked for the startup’s expansion in Southeast Asia, the round was led by Asia Partners and Intervest. Launched in Hong Kong five years ago, Snapask ha…
Author : BRADY McCOMBS Content : SALT LAKE CITY  AP  Brigham Young University in Utah reiterated Wednesday that same sex romantic behavior is not allowed on campus dashing the hopes of LGTBTQ students who thought they could be more open after the college previously revised its code of conduc    4152 chars Description : Brigham Young University in Utah reiterated Wednesday that “same-sex romantic behavior” is not allowed on campus — dashing the hopes of LGTBTQ students who thought they could be more open after the college previously revised its code of conduct. The universit…
Author : Kirby Bourne Content : Appearing on 630 CHED Mornings with Chelsea Bird and Shaye Ganam on Wednesday  Premier Jason Kenney defended the Canadian Energy Centre  saying it s still early in the project and Albertans can expect to see more from the new endeavor after they get fully sta    4057 chars Description : Premier Jason Kenney defends Alberta’s ‘war room’ on 630 CHED amid opposition Global News Alberta Parks Closures, Privatizations Announced By Kenney Govt. HuffPost Canada Alberta unions put pressure on UCP government with new campaign Global News If Alberta t…
Author : None Content : Metro Manila  CNN Philippines  March 5  The University of the Philippines  UP  made it to the top 100 list of schools for the performing arts and development studies  according to the latest global rankings of a United Kingdom based group   UP broke into the     1166 chars Description : UP among top 100 universities in the world for performing arts, development studies CNN Philippines UP breaks into world’s Top 100 universities for performing arts ABS-CBN News View Full coverage on Google News
Author : None Content : In Monday s second press briefing of the day  P E I  Premier Dennis King  via conference call  declared a public health emergency and is directing all provincial government employees who can work from home to do so for the next two weeks    King was accompani    4456 chars Description : P.E.I. Premier Dennis King declares 'public health emergency' on COVID-19 CBC.ca P.E.I declares 'public health emergency' amid COVID-19 pandemic CTV News What Canada can learn from Italy's situation with COVID-19 CBC News: The National Chief public health off…
Author : Anthony Ha Content : Yesterday was a big day for executive moves  with Bob Iger stepping down as Disney CEO and Keith Block stepping down as Salesforce co CEO  Meanwhile  Facebook has acquired another VR game studio and the owner of The Players  Tribune has raised more funding  H    3092 chars Description : Yesterday was a big day for executive moves, with Bob Iger stepping down as Disney CEO and Keith Block stepping down as Salesforce co-CEO. Meanwhile, Facebook has acquired another VR game studio and the owner of The Players’ Tribune has raised more funding. H…
Author : https://www.facebook.com/bbcnews Content : Image caption   The teaching of history will change in Hungarian schools from September  There is growing opposition in Hungary to the government s modified national curriculum  which aims to instil a spirit of national pride in school pupils    Critics   inc    4433 chars Description : The right-wing government aims to instil national pride - but teachers criticise a new curriculum.
Author : Ryan F. Mandelbaum Content : Simply sitting in a cinema to watch a movie can expose people to the equivalent of one to 10 cigarettes worth of secondhand smoke  according to a new chemical analysis   Research has already shown that cigarette smoke releases a host of chemicals that are har    3536 chars Description : Simply sitting in a cinema to watch a movie can expose people to the equivalent of one to 10 cigarettes’ worth of secondhand smoke, according to a new chemical analysis. Read more...
Author : Sarah Rankin / AP Content : RICHMOND  Va     Officials in Lynchburg  Virginia  were fielding complaints Tuesday about the hundreds of students that have returned from their spring break to Liberty University  where President Jerry Falwell Jr  has welcomed them back amid the coronavirus    2020 chars Description : Officials in Lynchburg, Virginia, were fielding complaints Tuesday about the hundreds of students that have returned from their spring break to Liberty University.
Author : Detroit Free Press, David Jesse, Detroit Free Press Content : In an undated photo provided by the Bentley Historical Library at the University of Michigan  Dr  Robert E  Anderson is shown     Photo  Robert Kalmbach  AP   Former University of Michigan doctor Robert Anderson was willing to write letters certifying student    8580 chars Description : Former University of Michigan doctor Robert Anderson, who died in 2008, is now being investigated by the university.
Author : None Content : B C  Premier John Horgan has announced the provinces schools from Kindergarten to Grade 12 are closed  with no indication of when classes will resume   Rob Fleming  the B C  education minister  said work is still underway to determine how education will be de    2678 chars Description : B.C. closes schools to combat spread of coronavirus The Globe and Mail B.C. suspends K-12 schools indefinitely amid coronavirus pandemic Global News B.C. K-12 schools suspended indefinitely CBC.ca All B.C. public schools will be closed for now over COVID-19 c…
Author : Ryan F. Mandelbaum Content : Research institutions around the United States and abroad are reacting to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic by moving classes online  sending students and researchers home  and in some cases  closing labs  Among these various responses  graduate students and p    5526 chars Description : Research institutions around the United States and abroad are reacting to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic by moving classes online, sending students and researchers home, and in some cases, closing labs. Among these various responses, graduate students and p…
Author : None Content : In Montreal  COVID 19 fears and government imposed limits on travel and gatherings of more than 250 people forced schools to close Thursday and universities to shift to online courses and restrict trips abroad   The Commission scolaire Marguerite Bourgeoys an    4202 chars Description : Universities are shifting classes of more than 250 students to online courses and restricting travel by students and staff.
Author : Time Content : In 1928  addressing distinguished female students at the University of Cambridge  novelist and critic Virginia Woolf declared   A woman must have money and a room of one s own if she is to write fiction   Replace  write fiction  with any creative  intellectua    1136 chars Description : In 1928, addressing distinguished female students at the University of Cambridge, novelist and critic Virginia Woolf declared, “A woman must have money and a room of one’s own if she is to write fiction.” Replace “write fiction” with any creative, intellectua…
Author : jj980 Content : There s a long list of closures and cancellations in London this weekend as a result of the novel coronavirus pandemic   The virus  which causes the disease COVID 19  was classified as a pandemic by the World Health Organization after it spread worldwide  wit    4130 chars Description : Concerns over COVID-19, the illness caused by the novel coronavirus, mean plans have changed all over London this weekend.
Author : Gina Yu, CNN Content : CNN Earlier this month  the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention updated its Covid 19 recommendations to specifically target older adults and people with serious underlying medical conditions  They labeled this group as  higher risk     However  ano    3816 chars Description : Earlier this month, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention updated its Covid-19 recommendations to specifically target older adults and people with serious underlying medical conditions. They labeled this group as "higher risk."
Author : Lisa Mascaro and Zeke Miller Content : WASHINGTON      In a massive federal effort Tuesday  U S  President Donald Trump asked Congress to speed emergency checks to Americans  enlisted the military for MASH like hospitals and implored ordinary people    particularly socially active millennials    t    7514 chars Description : Trump pushes for massive aid from Congress, checks to public CTV News Fact check: Trump tries to erase the memory of him downplaying the coronavirus CNN US government to give citizens emergency financial aid The Guardian Mnuchin: 'We're Looking At Sending Che…
Author : USA TODAY, Chris Quintana, USA TODAY Content : Most of them wont attend classes in person  but thousands of Liberty University students will return to the evangelical Virginia campus as the coronavirus continues to spread    Most of the students are not at risk because of their age  President Jerry Falwel    4359 chars Description : As college campuses close, Liberty University is welcoming students back. President Jerry Falwell Jr. has said people are overreacting to coronavirus.
Author : Joanna Nelius Content : Whether you just started working from home or have been for a few weeks now  its a good idea to turn off your smart speakers sooner rather than later  your Alexa or Google Home could be listening in on all those confidential work calls  Smart home devices not    2731 chars Description : Whether you just started working from home or have been for a few weeks now, it’s a good idea to turn off your smart speakers sooner rather than later; your Alexa or Google Home could be listening in on all those confidential work calls. Smart home devices no…
Author : Olivia Bowden Content : For days a Toronto man called two public health authorities  clinics and hospitals several times to ask what to do about symptoms he believed could be the result of COVID 19  the illness caused by the novel coronavirus   After hours on hold with Telehealth On    8695 chars Description : Do I have coronavirus? Jammed public health phone lines leave Canadians in the dark Global News What the decision to call the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic means for Canada and the world CBC.ca COVID-19: How to isolate at home during the new coronavirus outbre…
Author : USA TODAY, Chelsey Cox, USA TODAY Content : A professor at the University of Oklahoma repeatedly used the N word during a class lecture  two weeks after another professor was condemned for using the racial slur   The professor is a faculty member in the History department who chose to read an historica    3277 chars Description : After one professor compared "OK boomer" to the N-word, another University of Oklahoma professor used the slur in class.
Author : C. Brandon Ogbunu Content : Covid 19 has brought the science of epidemiology into public discourse in ways that not even SARS or Ebola outbreaks did  The merits of hand washing are now unprecedentedly appreciated  and the citizen science public has an increasingly strong handle on how C    5455 chars Description : Like Me Too and Black Lives Matter, the Flatten the Curve movement has fomented a profound reckoning with privilege and inequality.
Author : Ellen Gutoskey Content : Undeclared undergrads are a dime a dozen  but the majority of incoming freshmenalong with most graduate studentshave a firm idea of where their professional futures lie  And its not always in a traditional occupation  From beer to bagpipes and pot to pop cult    21316 chars Description : Columbia University, Manhattan's Ivy League institution, boasts Alexander Hamilton, Barack Obama, and even Alicia Keys (sort of) among its former students.
Author : Leah Asmelash, CNN Content : None Description : Schools impacted by closures due to the coronavirus can forgo the typically required standardized testing, the Depart of Education said.
Author : Dean Bennett Content : Alberta Premier Jason Kenney updates media on measures taken to help with COVID 19  in Edmonton on March 20  2020  Kenney says officials are continuing to hear about cases of hoarding food and other vital supplies   JASON FRANSON The Canadian Press  Alberta P    3558 chars Description : Jason Kenney says there’s 'a special place in hell’ for hoarders, scammers during pandemic The Globe and Mail Five charts showing the spread of COVID-19 in Alberta and Canada CTV News Oil and gas companies taking steps to keep employees safe from COVID-19 Glo…
Author : NorthJersey.com, Anthony Zurita, NorthJersey.com Content : Social media editor Elyse Toribio has the questions you asked on social media about coronavirus in NJ  She sat down with editor Jim O Neill of The Record to get the answers   NorthJersey com  Princeton University classes will all go online after spring break     2588 chars Description : Princeton University has asked students to stay home after spring break as New Jersey reported its sixth coronavirus case; classes will go online.
Author : (Deleted account) Content : March Mindfulness is Mashable s series that examines the intersection of meditation practice and technology  Because even in the time of coronavirus  March doesn t have to be madness    Swirling zither  vibrating gongs  whirring bowls  chirping birds  crashin    6083 chars Description : March Mindfulness is Mashable's series that examines the intersection of meditation practice and technology. Because even in the time of coronavirus, March doesn't have to be madness. Swirling zither, vibrating gongs, whirring bowls, chirping birds, crashing …
Author : None Content : It has been seven days since my report on the COVID 19 virus    Since then  the World Health Organization  WHO  has declared that the virus outbreak is now a pandemic    What does a pandemic virus mean   A new virus is often described in three ways     ul  li    11379 chars Description : World faces a pandemic - Dan in Ottawa Castanet.net What does it mean when the WHO declares a pandemic? CTV News Canada has taken the right steps to tackle the pandemic, but it may soon have to do a lot more The Globe and Mail Coronavirus outbreak: Countries …
Author : Matt Simon Content : Modern capitalism has never seen anything quite like the novel coronavirus SARS CoV 2  In a matter of months  the deadly contagious bug has spread around the world  hobbling any economy in its path  In the United States  where consumer spending accounts for m    6328 chars Description : We've been led to believe that robots and AI are replacing humans en masse. But this economic catastrophe is blowing up that myth.
Author : None Content : Thousands of Calgarians marched through downtown on Saturday to protest against cuts in the United Conservative government s second budget that impact health care  public education and the post secondary sector   People of all ages   including young kids  uni    5029 chars Description : Thousands of Calgarians marched through downtown on Saturday to protest against cuts in the United Conservative government’s second budget that impact health care, public education and the po…
Author : Alexander Quon Content : New Brunswick s chief medical officer of health says she supports the closure of schools in the province if an all party committee decides it is necessary to deal with the novel coronavirus pandemic   Dr  Jennifer Russell  the province s chief medical officer    2002 chars Description : New Brunswick’s chief medical officer of health supports possible closure of schools Global News Province shuts down public schools for 2 weeks over COVID-19 worries CBC.ca New Brunswick to close publics schools for two weeks due to COVID-19 concerns Toronto …
Author : USA TODAY, Erin Richards, USA TODAY Content : A former University of Southern California campus gynecologist is pleading not guilty to 16 counts of sexual assault  Authorities say they may file additional charges against George Tyndall  72  as they continue to talk to former patients   July 1   AP Domest    6172 chars Description : Former USC gynecologist George Tyndall had been able to sexually abuse students since as far back as 1989 because USC failed to respond, the feds said
Author : Catherine Shu Content : As schools around the world close or move classes online to mitigate the spread of COVID 19  many parents and educators are scrambling for ideas  The United Nations Education  Scientific and Cultural Organization  UNESCO  has assembled an online guide with li    905 chars Description : As schools around the world close or move classes online to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, many parents and educators are scrambling for ideas. The United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has assembled an online guide with li…
Author : Ryder Kimball Content : None Description : Erika James will become the new dean of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in July 2020. She will be the first woman and person of color to lead the 139-year-old institution, whose notable alumni include Elon Musk, Warren Buffett, Sundar Pic…
Author : None Content : Oxford University was founded in 1096  Cambridge in 1209  Harvard  a relative newcomer  was founded in 1636  Other than religions  few institutions appear to have maintained their existence or their relative status for as long as major universities  And few i    25474 chars Description : Comments
Author : Jonathan Shieber Content : Google said in a blog post that it would roll out free access to advanced Hangouts Meet video conferencing capabilities to all G Suite and G Suite for Education customers globally as the company pitches its remote work tools as an option for companies looking    2767 chars Description : Google said in a blog post that it would roll out free access to advanced Hangouts Meet video-conferencing capabilities to all G Suite and G Suite for Education customers globally as the company pitches its remote work tools as an option for companies looking…
Author : None Content : Theresa Tam  Canadas chief public health officer  seen here in Ottawa on Feb  3  2020  has also warned Canadians to prepare for the possibility that schools may need to close    BLAIR GABLE Reuters  From stocking up on hand sanitizer and wipes to cancelling o    4300 chars Description : Canadian health officials warn schools of potentially critical role in slowing coronavirus spread The Globe and Mail B.C. identifies 3 more cases of COVID-19, bringing total to 12 CBC.ca Two new caronavirus cases in Ontario, bringing total to 20 Toronto Sun C…
Author : USA TODAY, From USA TODAY Network and wire reports, USA TODAY Content : Alabama  Montgomery  The states Black Belt region would become a National Heritage Area eligible for funding and other benefits under a bipartisan move supported by members of the states congressional delegation  Democratic Rep  Terri Sewell said in a news re    46809 chars Description : University removes bell with ties to slavery in Louisiana, Catholic priests asked not to vote in Minnesota primary, and more
Author : Chris Quintana, USA TODAY Content : The coronavirus is upending many of the hallmarks of the American university experience  This may be only the beginning of what is to come    In person classes were canceled or postponed at more than 100 universities by late afternoon Wednesday  according to     6649 chars Description : In-person classes were canceled at almost 100 universities by midafternoon Wednesday. Dorms emptied, and graduation plans were up in the air.
Author : Paige Pfleger Content : Ohio State University suspended in person classes through March 30   Angie Wang AP  Every day for the past week  colleges and universities around the country have made the announcement  in person classes are cancelled due to fears over the spreading coronavir    3133 chars Description : To slow the coronavirus, colleges are canceling in-person classes and shifting to online only. How do students and faculty adapt, and what gets lost in the shift away from gathering in classes?
Author : Benjamin Schwarz Content : From its founding in 1890  the University of Chicago has occupied a singular place among American universities  Lacking the ancient lineages and social cachet of the Ivy League schools  Chicago welcomed women and Jews at a time when Harvard  et al  excluded t    22092 chars Description : The University of Chicago was always a bastion of free speech. But even there, freedom is now under threat.
Author : Yeji Jesse Lee Content : Typically  third and fourth year medical students get on hands training at hospitals  where they learn directly under physicians   But the coronavirus  which has disrupted virtually every industry in the US  has halted that training  leaving students anxious     4638 chars Description : Medical schools around the US have told their third- and fourth-year students, who typically do clinical rotations in hospitals, to stay home amid the spread of the coronavirus. The Association of American Medical Colleges, or AAMC, issued guidance last week …
Author : Sudbury.com Staff Content : Good morning  Greater Sudbury   Here are some stories to start your day   Provincial recommendations regarding COVID 19  The Province of Ontario issued several statements over the weekend relaying the latest recommendations of various ministries to reduce the    5058 chars Description : Good morning Sudbury.com Second case of COVID-19 confirmed in Greater Sudbury SooToday.com COVID-19 test comes back negative for Sudbury's mayor CBC.ca Second COVID-19 case confirmed in Sudbury CTV News Sudburians returning from the U.S., other parts of the w…
Author : Veronika Kero Content : No matter what you do for a living  having sound knowledge of digital marketing is bound to get you ahead at work  And with around four in 10 Americans having side hustle  theres more need than ever to sharpen up your digital and social media strategy and lea    6047 chars Description : No matter what you do for a living, having sound knowledge of digital marketing is bound to get you ahead at work. And with around four in 10 Americans having side hustle, there’s more need than ever to sharpen up your digital and social media strategy and le…
Author : Lauren Kaori Gurley, Jason Koebler Content : Students at Carnegie Mellon University have made a scholarship fund for underrepresented students in STEM to protest the university for allowing the data mining firm Palantir to offer scholarships on campus     In recent years  Palantir  the  26 billion Silic    3352 chars Description : Students at Carnegie Mellon University are protesting the data-mining firm Palantir’s scholarships for women and people of color by creating their own scholarships
Author : None Content : The latest   All travellers entering Beijing from the virus hotspots of South Korea  Japan  Iran and Italy will have to be quarantined for 14 days  the deputy secretary general of the Beijing Municipal Government  Chen Bei  said on Tuesday   Shanghai earlier     8363 chars Description : COVID-19: Here's what's happening around the world Tuesday CBC.ca While other countries battle mushrooming coronavirus outbreaks, China claims victory is 'not far' The Globe and Mail Coronavirus: China orders travellers quarantined amid outbreak BBC News LILL…
Author : philip stevens I designboom Content : plans have been revealed for a state of the art research and event center in canada dedicated to the health of the honey bee  by learning from one of nature s most significant architects  the new honey bee research centre  HBRC  at the university of guelph in    1880 chars Description : plans have been revealed for a state-of-the-art research and event center in canada dedicated to the health of the honey bee. The post moriyama & teshima architects plans timber honey bee research centre for ontario appeared first on designboom | architecture…
Author : Whitney Kimball Content : Weve all mapped out some mental image of the world we live in  and its not great  Whatever our doomscape looks like  though  we can probably agree that it still beats a medieval patchwork of theocratic states after an unspecified Event  a zombie colonized Bri    11199 chars Description : We’ve all mapped out some mental image of the world we live in, and it’s not great. Whatever our doomscape looks like, though, we can probably agree that it still beats a medieval patchwork of theocratic states after an unspecified Event, a zombie-colonized B…
Author : Maureen Downey, Ty Tagami Content : Amid growing coronavirus fears  colleges around the country are sending a jarring message to students this week  many of whom are off campus on spring break  Don t come back   During the past several days  more than 100 U S  colleges have announced plans to h    6182 chars Description : Georgia colleges under pressure to close as coronavirus cases grow Atlanta Journal Constitution College closings: More than 100 colleges cancel in-person classes and move online USA TODAY Classes at U. of I., Northwestern, Illinois State will be moved online …
Author : USA TODAY, Chris Quintana, USA TODAY Content : With help from the CDC  we answer some of Google s most searched questions about the coronavirus crisis   USA TODAY  The coronavirus is upending many of the hallmarks of the American university experience  And this may be only the beginning of what is to come    6065 chars Description : In-person classes had been canceled at close to 100 universities by mid-afternoon Wednesday. Dorms were emptying. Graduation plans were up in the air.
Author : David Giles Content : Despite closures elsewhere in Canada  schools in Saskatchewan are remaining open at this time  the province said Sunday   There are currently six presumptive cases of COVID 19  the disease caused by novel coronavirus  in Saskatchewan as of Saturday evening       4144 chars Description : Schools remain open amid new COVID-19 cases in Saskatchewan Global News COVID-19 in Saskatchewan: More cases, more tests, but no hospitalizations CBC.ca 'Business as usual for schools:' Risk of virus in province is still low, says Saskatchewan chief medical h…
Author : Heide Pearson Content : Albertans who feel they need a little extra mental health support as they face the COVID 19 pandemic have a new outlet to seek out advice   Alberta Health Services  in partnership with hospitals and other health organizations  launched the Text4Hope program o    3416 chars Description : Coronavirus: New texting initiative gives Albertans mental health support Global News COVID-19: Alberta announces second death; 57 new cases CTV News COVID-19: First Calgarian dies of virus as outbreak forms in continuing care facility Calgary Herald Alberta …
Author : Michele Debczak Content : In the middle of one especially eventful Supreme Court session more than five years agoJune 24  2013  to be exactRuth Bader Ginsburg opened her mouth and began to speak  In two separate dissents  RBG excoriated the outcomes of three cases  Fisher v  Universit    15821 chars Description : From Oscar-winning actors to CEOs, these are some of the most notable people to have attended and graduated from New York University.
Author : The Economist Content : ABOUT A DECADE ago  a few economists began asking whether the rich worlds prolonged spell of lacklustre growth might have something to do with a shortage of new ideas  Tyler Cowen of George Mason University suggested that when it came to discovery  humanity m    5856 chars Description : Narrow incentives such as citations can skew behaviour
Author : Special Correspondent Content : A programme held jointly by the Confederation of Indian Industry  CII  and the Indo Canadian Business Chamber to promote Brand Canada evoked an encouraging response on Tuesday    A Canadian delegation led by Cyril Borle  Consul and Trade Commissioner  Mumbai     1486 chars Description : Canada sees a huge opportunity to associate with Vizag in education: Consul
Author : JENNIFER McDERMOTT Content : PROVIDENCE  R I   AP  The U S  Navy is overhauling its approach to education because the nation no longer has a massive economic and technological edge over potential adversaries  according to a strategy it is releasing Monday   The Education for Seapower Str    4028 chars Description : The U.S. Navy is overhauling its approach to education because the nation no longer has a massive economic and technological edge over potential adversaries, according to a strategy it is releasing Monday. The Education for Seapower Strategy 2020, provided to…
Author : Rachel Thompson Content : Sliding into someone s DMs doesn t necessarily come from a place of horniness  It can also be used to privately inform someone that you admire their work  To be honest  perhaps we should focus more on the latter than the former    Killing Eve star Jodie Comer    495 chars Description : Sliding into someone's DMs doesn't necessarily come from a place of horniness. It can also be used to privately inform someone that you admire their work. To be honest, perhaps we should focus more on the latter than the former. Killing Eve star Jodie Comer i…
Author : USA TODAY, Chris Quintana, USA TODAY Content : College presidents discuss the financial challenges they will face during the Covid 19 pandemic   USA TODAY  In the span of roughly two weeks  the American higher education system has transformed  Its future is increasingly uncertain    Most classes are now b    8494 chars Description : As the coronavirus spreads, colleges give up traditions like dorm life and graduation. The future is uncertain and more change is likely.
Author : David G. Allan and Kristen Rogers, CNN Content : Go Ask Your Dad is parenting advice with a philosophical bent as one dad explores what we want out of life  for ourselves and our children  through useful paradigms and best practices      CNN As my wife  daughters and I hiked through the woods at one of the     5484 chars Description : As my wife, daughters and I hiked through the woods at one of the many state parks near our home, I explained to them how we were doing three things that were simultaneously boosting our happiness at that moment.
Author : Ana Georgescu Content : Tuesday is the one day of the week I get to sleep in  On Tuesday March 10  my first class didn t meet until 1 p m  I had just turned in a long assignment the night before  and my alarm was set for noon  I had gone to sleep late after deciding to cancel my spr    6664 chars Description : Ana Georgescu is a 22-year-old Romanian and a senior at Harvard University, where she studies astrophysics and English and has a nighttime radio show. Last Tuesday, she was prepared to sleep in late — until her roommates woke her up to tell her that they had …
Author : Elissa Nadworny Content : U S  Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos testifies on Capitol Hill on Dec  12   Alex Wong Getty Images  Borrowers who have defaulted on their federal student loans will get a temporary reprieve from having their wages  Social Security benefits and tax refunds     1537 chars Description : Borrowers who have defaulted on their federal student loans will get a temporary reprieve from having their wages, Social Security benefits and tax refunds garnished by the federal government.
Author : Colin Dwyer Content : Kansas Gov  Laura Kelly addresses a news conference Tuesday in Topeka  Kan   after announcing the closure of schools K 12 throughout the state for the rest of the school year   John Hanna AP  The school year has come to an abrupt end for students across Kansa    7989 chars Description : Governors in California and Ohio have suggested they might follow Kansas' lead, as officials across the U.S. step up efforts to slow the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Author : Elizabeth Yuko Content : Think back to your senior year of high school  Once spring rolled around  you were basically home free and could finally experience the joy of senioritis  getting to go to school and see your friends while enjoying lower academic expectations  Plus there were    7364 chars Description : Think back to your senior year of high school. Once spring rolled around, you were basically home-free and could finally experience the joy of “senioritis”: getting to go to school and see your friends while enjoying lower academic expectations. Plus there we…
Author : None Content : With spring break  Easter holidays and rising cases of COVID 19 looming  Calgary public and separate schools have not yet announced plans to monitor the personal travel of staff and students  even as some public school families have already been asked to self    4660 chars Description : Some families asked to self-isolate in Calgary as schools prepare for COVID-19 Calgary Herald COVID-19 pandemic: How Calgary universities and schools are preparing CBC.ca View Full coverage on Google News
Author : John Aldred Content : If you re a Nikon shooter based in the USA or Canada and your gear goes down over the next few weeks  you re going to have a wait on your hands to get it back up and running   not that most of us will have jobs to go shoot anyway  Nikon USA has announced that    3266 chars Description : If you’re a Nikon shooter based in the USA or Canada and your gear goes down over the next few weeks, you’re going to have a wait on your hands to get it back up and running – not that most of us will have jobs to go shoot anyway. Nikon USA has announced that…
Author : Lisa Rowan on Two Cents, shared by Lisa Rowan to Lifehacker Content : On Friday  President Trump said he would waive interest on federal student loans  But the move isnt as exciting as it sounds   Youll still need to make their usual payments on your federal student loans  The difference is that your entire payment will go towa    1969 chars Description : On Friday, President Trump said he would waive interest on federal student loans. But the move isn’t as exciting as it sounds. Read more...
Author : Reuters Editorial Content : Reuters    Concerns over the spread of the coronavirus pandemic in the United States forced cancellations  closings and postponements throughout sports  entertainment and education on Thursday    Here is some of the most impactful    SPORTS   MAJOR LEAGUE BA    2657 chars Description : Concerns over the spread of the coronavirus pandemic in the United States forced cancellations, closings and postponements throughout sports, entertainment and education on Thursday.
Author : Tyler Cowen Content : we show that rank mobility increases as the percentage of mothers with a high school diploma increases  We find weaker evidence that mobility increases with the percentage of mothers with a university degree   That is from a new paper by Marie Connolly  Cath    41 chars Description : …we show that rank mobility increases as the percentage of mothers with a high school diploma increases. We find weaker evidence that mobility increases with the percentage of mothers with a university degree. That is from a new paper by Marie Connolly, Cathe…
Author : Special Correspondent Content : The Anna University Syndicate  which favoured retaining the services of 135 teaching and non teaching staff  who were appointed in gross violation of norms  ignored the recommendations of the Committee headed by IAS officer Anandakumar    The committee was th    1116 chars Description : Panel was tasked with probing recruitment irregularities
Author : Staff Content : Alberta Premier Jason Kenney says it s difficult to watch global oil prices fall due to reduced demand tied to the novel coronavirus outbreak at the same time his government refocuses its efforts on job creation    I won t hide it  it frustrates me that I thi    3259 chars Description : Alberta premier says frustrating coronavirus stifling oil and gas economy Global News View Full coverage on Google News
Author : Jill Colvin, Jonathan Lemire Content : U S  President Donald Trump speaks during a coronavirus task force briefing at the White House  in Washington  on March 20  2020   Evan Vucci The Associated Press  President Donald Trump has invoked the Defence Production Act to get needed medical supplies on    3764 chars Description : Trump says he has put Defence Production Act 'in gear' to fight coronavirus outbreak The Globe and Mail Trump will be judged on one thing now -- and it won't be impeachment CNN Trump Uses Coronavirus Press Conference to Confirm He’s an Actual Sociopath Vanity…
Author : Staff Reporter Content : The Odisha government has decided to change the status of Khallikote University in Berhampur from a cluster university to unitary university   A notification issued by the Department of Higher Education on Wednesday stated that Khallikote University had not f    1100 chars Description : The Odisha government has decided to change the status of Khallikote University in Berhampur from a cluster university to unitary university.A notification issued by the Department of Higher Education
Author : Lydia Ramsey Content : The spread of the coronavirus outbreak in the US could push the healthcare system to its limits    Hospitals are bracing for what could be millions of admissions nationwide as the virus spreads    The American Hospital Association  which represents thousands     1954 chars Description : Hospitals are confronting the rising threat of the novel coronavirus in the US. In a February webinar presentation hosted by the American Hospital Association, national healthcare experts from organizations across the US laid out what hospitals need to know a…
Author : USA TODAY, Chris Quintana, USA TODAY Content : As shocking as the Varsity Blues college admissions scandal seemed to everyday Americans  with its accusations of bribes  faked athletic credentials and falsified test scores  it came as even more of a surprise to college presidents   Beyond the sheer scale o    17440 chars Description : Six leaders of elite colleges tell USA TODAY the Varsity Blues scandal caused them to question the fairness of college admissions.
Author : Mara Leighton Content : None Description : Learning new skills online is often far more convenient and inexpensive than in-person enrollment. Online learners tend to appreciate controlling the pace, paying a lower fee, and in some cases, having access to the course materials for life. Below are six of…
Author : Richard Lawler Content : Amid the spreading outbreak of COVID 19  Bill Gates has apparently decided  to dedicate more time to his philanthropic priorities including global health  development  education  and his increasing engagement in tackling climate change   He s stepping down fr    711 chars Description : Amid the spreading outbreak of COVID-19, Bill Gates has apparently decided "to dedicate more time to his philanthropic priorities including global health, development, education, and his increasing engagement in tackling climate change." He's stepping down fr…
Author : Hasit Shah Content : Harvard University  the oldest  wealthiest and most famous institution of higher education in the United States  has told students to leave campus  and is moving to online education for the foreseeable future  The university had already cancelled all events a    2514 chars Description : A major challenge is what to do with vulnerable students - some from low-income backgrounds, others from overseas - who may not be able to leave campus easily.
Author : None Content : This was our live COVID 19 coverage on Sunday  March 22   The days top items    ul  li Quebec is closing all shopping malls  Restaurants are to be take out only   li  li Quebec schools will remain closed until at least May 1  li  li The number of reported cas    12243 chars Description : Coronavirus March 22: Schools closed till at least May 1, Legault says Montreal Gazette COVID-19: Quebec closing shopping malls, schools and restaurant dining rooms until May 1 CBC.ca Coronavirus: Quebec cases climb to 219, schools to remain closed until May …
Author : PTI Content : A 25 year old junior resident doctor of the King George Medical University  KGMU  in Lucknow has tested positive for coronavirus  COVID 19  after coming in contact with two patients undergoing treatment for the disease on its premises  a hospital spokesperson    2662 chars Description : King George Medical University announced suspension of all undergraduate academic classes and examinations till April 2 as a preventive measure to stem the spread of COVID-19.
Author : Jeff Grubb Content : The world is stuck at home as part of the fight against the spread of COVID 19  This has led to a huge jump in gaming activity across multiple platforms  Sony has even agreed to throttle its network to save bandwidth for more crucial data  But just because pe    1540 chars Description : The Minecraft Marketplace gets an Education section with free materials to help kids stuck at home due to the pandemic learn through play.
Author : John R. Quain Content : We all know the U S  healthcare system is unequal and inhumane  but apparently your income can determine your lifespan even in places with fairly good healthcare  A new report from the UK shows that  despite ostensibly equal access to healthcare  people with     5065 chars Description : We all know the U.S. healthcare system is unequal and inhumane, but apparently your income can determine your lifespan even in places with fairly good healthcare. A new report from the UK shows that, despite ostensibly equal access to healthcare, people with …
Author : Jennifer Rainey Marquez-Georgia State Content : A new peer based intervention could help kids learn to write better  research indicates   On her computer  Cynthia Puranik  associate professor in the College of Education  amp  Human Development at Georgia State University  pulls up writing samples from two     1059 chars Description : Writing education is leaving too many kids without the skills they need. A new intervention brings kids together to help each other learn better.
Author : Julia Ries, Amy Rose Spiegel Content : New research from University of Texas at Austin took a closer look into the states growing anti vaccination movement and discovered its fueled by rich  white people    The study  which was published in the journal PLOS Medicine on Tuesday  added up the consci    4468 chars Description : Texas permits “philosophical objection" to get kids out of vaccination, and is one of the only states that doesn’t require education on the associated risks of skipping them.
